PD-1361-update-content-for-timezone-display (#3020)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALEUIReference/DataProtection/PeriodicSnapshotTasksScreensSCALE.md

The **Data Protection** screen **Periodic Snapshot Task** widget displays periodic snapshot tasks created on the system. 
A periodic snapshot task allows scheduling the creation of read only versions of pools and datasets at a given point in time.

> Periodic snapshot tasks display the machine time, browser time, or both depending on individual user timezone settings. Users can update timezone settings by utilizing the [General Settings Screen](https://www.truenas.com/docs/scale/scaleuireference/systemsettings/generalsettingsscreens/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Periodic snapshot tasks display the machine time, browser time, or both depending on individual user timezone settings. Users can update timezone settings by utilizing the [General Settings Screen]({{< relref "GeneralSettingsScreens.md #localization-settings-screen" >}}).
```
